in this video I'm going to show you
possibly the hardest most effective fat
burning workout I've ever uploaded to
YouTube how y'all doing Peter Carvel
here from six-pack fat calm and welcome
to our latest belly fat destroyer work
at a first of all I just want to
apologize for the lack of videos over
last couple of weeks I've just moved
down from Johannesburg Ian's Africa to
Cape Town and it's been one of those
horror moves first my camcorders got
lost
then my computer's got damaged with the
rain in the move and then when I ended
up here in Cape Town the apartment
wasn't anything like it was supposed to
be so I've been moving to three
different apartment blocks but finally
I'm some way where we can start to
settle down and rock and roll and what
better way to do that than to celebrate
the fact that we've just gone past
400,000 subscribers here on YouTube and
with our latest Xtreme belly fat
destroyer workout now we're gonna talk
too much about this workout I'm gonna
basically talk you through the workout
as we look at each exercise and then
afterwards you will know exactly how to
do it but this one is pretty extreme I
call this one my ladders to hell and
back workout and you'll soon found out
why but make sure you've got your
doctor's permission and you warmed up
before you even get going with this one
so let's look at the exercises let me
take you through your whole workout so
you know exactly how to do this one the
first exercise you're gonna do 10 reps
off is thrust spider-man push up however
you're just gonna do it to one side so
10 reps to one side and you'll find out
in a second why then you're gonna move
straight on to a reverse lunge into a
sprinters knee up okay ten of those on
one side again only the same side that
you've just done the spider-man push-ups
with then on the same side again you're
gonna do one arm dumbbell squat and push
okay ten reps of those and then you're
gonna do 20 jumping jacks now these 20
jumping jacks is just an act of recovery
as soon as you've done 20 jumping jacks
you're coming down 10 reps of each of
those exercises again down the other
side we're gonna start with the one-arm
dumbbell squat and press again 10 reps
of those straight after that you go into
reverse lunge and sprint this knee up
and then after that you've got 10
spider-man thrust push-ups and then you
can
finish your exercise in a full body Jack
and you're gonna do ten reps of those
that is one set done like I've said make
sure you've got your doctor's permission
for this one make sure you warm up cuz
this one is pretty insane and pretty
tough but it's big compound movement
it's gonna help you burn a lot of
calories it's gonna skyrocket your
metabolism it's gonna give you after
burn effect like nothing else and then
all you do is you try and do as many
sets as possible in 20 to 25 minutes
okay but make sure you warm up then you
get going see how many sets you can do
all the way up to one side 20 jumping
jacks
all the way down 10 full-body jacks that
is one said see how many sets you can do
in 20 to 25 minutes depending on your
fitness level then cool down and your
workout is all done this one is gonna
get you some insane results and I know
you're gonna enjoy it but make sure you
stay focus and look at exactly how I do
each of these exercises to make sure you
technically correct and you don't injure
yourself but I know you're gonna enjoy
this one so have a lot of fun and as
always guys thank you very much for your
continued support and helping this
channel continue to grow and as always
I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna continue
providing of workouts it's gonna cause
you a little bit of pain but that's why
you're here so until the next video guys
as always if you have a comment put it
below if you like this video click on
the like button and please subscribe
have a great time I'll see you in the
next one